fix(README.md): Deleted description mentioning the incorrect way to use nanoid with React elements' keys. (#252)
ai/nanoid: README.md

### React

There's currently no correct way to use nanoid for React `key` prop since it should be consistent among renders

```jsx
function Todos({todos}) {
  return (
    <ul>
      {todos.map(todo => (
        <li key={nanoid()}> /* DON’T DO IT */
          {todo.text}
        </li>
      ))}
    </ul>
  )
}
```

> You should rather try to reach for stable id inside your list item

Reviewer: We had newline between text and code examples

```jsx
const todoItems = todos.map((todo) =>
  <li key={todo.id}>
    {todo.text}
  </li>
);
```

> In case you don't have stable ids you'd rather use index as key instead of nanoid();

Reviewer: Let’s keep the original good typography:

```suggestion
In case you don’t have stable ids you'd rather use index as `key` instead of `nanoid()`:
```

```jsx
const todoItems = todos.map((todo, index) =>
  <li key={index}> /* Still not recommended but prefered over nanoid(). Only do this if items have no stable IDs */
    {todo.text}
  </li>

> );

Reviewer: We do not use `;` in other examples
